// eslint-disable-next-line import/prefer-default-export
export const INTRO_TEXT_1 = 
`INTRO
I was an ophan living in an ophanage. Rumor had it once you turn 14 
you're taken away never to be seen again.
Found out first hand on my 14th birtday. In the middle of the night 
people came in hazmat suits knocked me unconscious. After that my 
memory is blank.
Woken up in white cell with another boy whom I didn't know. 
That's where experiments started. Experiments took months. They
injected us with blue-ish substance, put some sort of contraption
on our head which played weird sounds.
I could still hear and see everything during test, but could move.
The pain was excruciating. 
I'm not quite sure if it was worse being tested on or hearing 
screams so primal and agonizing it made my bones freeze. Almost 
every day we could see people being taken away in bags out of 
lab area.

We didn't know where they were taken.
`

export const INTRO_TEXT_2 = `
One stormy night my cellmate broke free from lab and tried me
free out of our cell. Clearly weakened from all the experiments 
but he still managed to free me. He had a plan. 
Earlier that month his fellow prisoner got hold of blueprints of
subterrain pipes. 
That was our route to escape. As if fate would had other plans,
right before I managed to get a clear glimpse of guard silhouette
I heard high-pitched whirring, then light. The sound was deafening,
it seemed like it was coming from within me. As the sound was
getting louder and louder I felt more and more excruciating
 pain all over my body. Few moments later my memory went blank.
I can't recollect any specific details as my memory 
is blurry, but I can remember distinct high-pitched whirring. 

I closed my eyes, saw vivid bright colours 
despite having my eyed closed shut. An instant later I felt 
immense force sucking me into some sort of vortex. 

I woke up on what seems to be spaceship and I heard faint,
yet distinct high-pitched whirring. It's the same as it was
on the day of my escape. It has to be somehow connected to vortex. 
My body was weak and I couldn't spent standing on my feet
for more than a few minutes.
`

export const INTRO_TEXT_3 = `
Day 1057. I spend my days listening to my 
genetic lifeform companion. I'm actually not sure what
it is and where it lives, but at this point 
I don't even care anymore.
It shared all the information I need to get back in time
and get my revenge. Only thing keeping me sane between repairing
the damage caused by space monsters, debris and rabmlings 
of my genetic lifeform compnion is my resolve to get revenge.

Day 2008. It seemed like my genetic lifeform companion
got drunk on thruster fumes and started mumbling about ZeroTime. 

Day 2009. Breaktrough. Yesterday in drunken episode
my genetic lifeform companion shared details about ZeroTime.
I can't explain it at all, but all I know
it's once in a 24 year celestial phenomenon. 
which is allowing me timetravel. 
Good thing I have it recorded on MemoPad.

The vast space before my eyes is leaving me breathless every time.
It has now been years since my captives experimented on me.
ZeroTime is quickly appraching.
`;

export const INTRO_TEXT = [
    INTRO_TEXT_1,
    INTRO_TEXT_2,
    INTRO_TEXT_3
]